story recapped here today i'm going to explain
a comedy crime film called war dogs based on a
true story spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in the year 2005 david pacquaz is a resident of
miami florida he works as a professional massage
therapist who gives sessions to the super rich
during a session with a customer named gary
he contemplates what he wants out of his life
he wants to see a significant change
happen in him but he has limited resources
gary intentionally removes the towel while
lying down miles turns back and sees half
of his body completely exposed for david
this is the last straw after the session
he tells himself that he has had enough he spends
all his life savings to embark on a new business
he plans on selling quality bed sheets wholesale
to all the retirement homes in south florida
he meets up with a manager from one retirement
home the environment is not that lively as old
people fill the space he tries to persuade
the manager into buying his products but
he declines and says that there is not much
need to provide premium goods to old people
david leaves the room in a sad mood while
carrying a box full of his unsold sheets
at a funeral one of david's friends comforts him
about his failed business venture from a distance
they spot ephraim deverly david's childhood best
friend they have not seen each other since high
school after ephraim lived with his uncle ephraim
also sees david and they greet each other as the
ceremony starts after they catch up about their
lives and ephram invites david to have a ride
around the city he is hesitant at first but he
comes anyway ephraim used to buy seized weapons
at police auctions and resell them on the internet
however his uncle deceived him for 70 grand
because of that efron decided to move back to
miami and start his own company a incorporated
they arrive at a neighborhood where ephrem usually
buys stuff ephram gives them 300 but they pocket
the money and ignore ephraim showing off a gun to
make him leave ephraim walks to his car and pulls
out a bigger gun from his trunk which he starts
firing off in the air to scare the dealers away
david panics and is frightened that they might get
in trouble but ephraim assures him that he has a
class 3 firearms license he looks at efferman
amazement david lives with his girlfriend
is when he gets home his notices right away that
david is high they both talk about how their days
went and continued to have an intimate moment
the following day david makes a business call
with another manager of a retirement home he fails
to close a deal david arrives at ephraim's office
at the moment ephraim is busy with a business
call so david just listens on the couch
ephram reveals that he supplies guns to the us
military david and ephraim discuss ephraim's new
line of business gun running he explains to david
howe to exploit the war for profit david starts
to get interested because the line of income is
crazy ephram explains the ins and outs of how the
pentagon manages its inventory while negotiating
with him back in their home is as big news she is
currently pregnant david is more worried than
excited because of their financial situation
he meets up with ephraim to discuss his problem
he sees his best friend struggling offering him
a job he persuades david to assist him in his
business because he is the only one he could trust
david has second thoughts about the idea because
he hates wars and violence both he and his wife
participate in rallies and sign petitions against
the cause finally david agrees to be part of his
team although the money is good he hides it from
his he tells her that he will still sell bed
sheets but instead of retirement homes he will
be selling to the free spending and over-funded
us military which is a lie david spends the
following weeks in a crash course on arms
dealing monitored by ephraim he familiarizes
himself with names and models of weapons
he sneaks out in the middle of the night
to work on the phone's back in the office
ralph slutsky is ephram's silent partner he
owns multiple laundry shops across the area
the duo receives funding from him under the false
belief that a only sells arms to protect ralph's
country of origin inside a nightclub david tells
him that he got on the phone with henry gerard
an infamous international supplier of weapons the
news amazes ephraim because he looks up to henry
that same night he gets into a fight with a
guy after hitting on another man's girlfriend
david and ephram land a contract also known as
the beretta deal to provide several thousand
beretta pistols to the united states department
of defense it is a weapon adopted by the united
states military as their service pistol in 1985.
this deal is so rare and 10 times better than
their past ones so they celebrated a local diner
during a scheduled ultrasound of the hospital
david receives a phone call about the deal
however they encounter a problem the italians
have passed a legislation in the past week to ban
all-arm shipments to iraq david has no idea that
when they have beretta shipped on the way to iraq
italian-made guns are not being permitted failure
to deliver the weapons as promised means that a
would be blacklisted from any future contracts
david is distressed but assures captain santos
that the weapons will be delivered on time
his walks out of the ultrasound room to reveal the
baby's gender a girl the couple hugs each other
in happiness david seeks consultation from ephraim
they are both at a firing range when he breaks the
news ephraim is confident that the issue will
be resolved smoothly they decide to ship the
berettas to jordan and from there it can make its
way to the u.s military base his and david host a
small dinner party with their friends one of them
warns david about being affiliated with ephraim
saying that he is unstable suddenly ephram storms
to their house because david did not pick up his
phone he is surprised to see many people realizing
that he was not invited he excuses david because
of an urgent matter ephraim tells him that their
weapons were seized in jordan by the customs the
frustrated captain santos calls that he wants to
nullify their contract this means the end for them
ephraim tries to get emotional with captain santos
but he hangs up on him while they come up with a
solution is overhears their conversation and gets
mad at david for lying to her and being an arms
dealer david defends the business saying that they
are just middlemen and what they do is perfectly
legal ephram interrupts them and informs david
that they should fly to jordan as soon as possible
they arrive to jordan and get straight to
business david rarely gets to travel so he
takes split seconds to glance at the city they
meet with other smugglers to get help in getting
permits to transport the weapons a kid helps
them by being a translator in their negotiations
ephraim bribes the locals 1 400 to
release the shipment on their behalf
for three days they hear nothing from the
smugglers and their business is running on
the word of an eleven-year-old translator ephraim
and david thinks that the smugglers rip them off
while discussing about it they receive a call and
the plan goes on they are provided with a driver
named marlboro to transport them in the cargo
into iraq the trio starts their journey with their
truck loaded with high-end weapons they drive
at night which according to their driver is much
safer they come across border patrol officers who
interrogate them the soldiers point guns at them
but they instantly calm down and let them go when
marlboro bribes them with cigarettes david feels
so much different than what he did months ago as
a massage therapist and rethinks his life choices
they stop at a gas station in fallujah where
david wakes up and doesn't see marlboro
he checks if he is inside the building but he
finds a dead body at the abandoned place instead
he rushes to the truck to wake ephram up and
inform him about the dead body ephraim says that
it is normal to see that in a war zone at the
moment marlboro is siphoning gas for its usage
david receives a call from iz who appears to
forgive david for lying to her even though she
is highly bothered by it meanwhile he sees a
group of vans approaching with men firing guns
at them david panics so he honks the horn to alert
ephram and marlboro he struggles to start the car
but it eventually accelerates thinking that he
will get left behind marlboro runs after the truck
and loads it with gas as they escape the trio is
saved when a u.s chopper comes to their rescue
forcing the mercenaries to stop shooting
they excitedly shout in celebration
they arrive safely at the military base where
captain santos is impressed that they survive
the infamous triangle of death they ask a soldier
to snap a picture of them for remembrance purposes
they head to the accounting department of the base
where bundles of cash surround the room which is
approximately 12 billion dollars the agency
pays them a large sum of money amounting to
2.8 million dollars then they are escorted by
the military to the airport and leave baghdad
the company lands bigger and more money-making
deals as days go by they both buy matching
expensive cars and luxurious apartments their
lives seem to go as planned even better that it
feels like a dream david even burns all the bed
sheets which was a failed venture in the past
ralph throws a celebration because of big
returns in his investment in the company
he even increases his original investment by
10 million dollars a expands and employs more
people to work with as they upgrade their
office to a more professional location
at this point they optimize all the facets
of the business to bring it to the next level
david is now a father to baby ella he balances
the life of being an arms dealer and a father
the company eyes on a chance at the afghan deal
which will be their most significant so far
the u.s government posts a massive order worth
300 million dollars which requires 100 million
rounds of ak-47 ammunition and net a 100 million
profit if pursued this will be a's biggest deal
david and ephraim head to vegas x which is
a convention for the latest warfare weapons
although a's name is not that famous the duo
sees this as an advantage they put up a more
professional front but they slowly lose hope
because being part of the afghan deal means that
they should reshape the company at the casino
david encounters the legendary henry gerard
he calls ephrem to accompany them for drinks they
all meet each other and have a quick meeting about
access to massive unused weapon depots in albania
henry has all the supplies to fulfill a's afghan
deal which gives them a great chance for the price
henry sells the ammunition at 10 cents per round
which is an ideal price for a ephram agrees
despite his friends discomfort with working with a
man on a watch list he continues to persuade david
like he always does but he still seems unconvinced
the following morning they sealed the deal but
they want to see the merchandise on site before
they officially work with henry they travel to
albania to secure the ammunition and check if
the deal is legitimate a driver brings them to the
site where a group of soldiers welcomes them with
a banner and they continue to tour them around
the warehouse it is filled with piles of weapons
both old and new which is a storage for the
albanian army they see the containers of bullets
totaling to 126 million rounds david and ephraim
are amazed by the abundance of it in the warehouse
they open a case of 40-year-old bullets
and ephram impulsively makes the deal after
testing the ammunitions outside they make the
bid to the us military and within five months
they land it successfully ephraim breaks the
news to david while having a picnic by the beach
they embrace each other out of excitement to
pass all government processes they fabricate
a's accounting going back three years they
meet with high-ranking officials to finalize
the deal in illinois as they negotiate
the duo is overconfident about their offer
the board reveals to them that their prices were
meager compared to their competitors efrem learns
they severely underbid their competitors by 53
million dollars causing him to be in a state
of rage at home is becomes extremely tired of
david's lies about his job and dirty deals the
tension in their relationship starts to surface
is leaves to live with her mother indefinitely
she gets tired of being worried about david and
his whereabouts when he goes on a business trip
david persuades her to stay but she refuses after
finding bundles of cash hidden around the house in
their main office ephram uses drugs more often the
stress from the business is getting the most out
of him meanwhile david drafts a new contract efrom
enters his office a golden grenade is a token of
his appreciation he prints the new partnership
agreement with a 70 to 30 split between them
ephraim feels a sense of rivalry between them but
still continues to be excited about the afghan
deal david arrives at albania to facilitate the
deal and supervise it while ephraim parties at
miami preparing the shipment in albania david
discovers that all the rounds originated from
china this stems from a problem because chinese
ammunitions are illegal to a u.s embargo
in short they got played by henry and he refuses
to help them he does not show a single ounce of
concern and leaves them to deal with the issue
ephraim comes to albania to help david with
coming up with a solution to conceal the problem
ephraim proposes that they repackage the illegal
ammunition david brings up his concerns about
the prohibited things that they may encounter
however aphrom is convinced that they will be
safe and will get their 300 million dollar deal
their driver boshkim introduces them to
enver who owns a boxing and storage company
the ammunitions will be transferred from
tin boxes and wooden crates to plastic
bags for the purpose of lessening its weight
currently he is 68 520 crates of ammunitions
they proceed on repacking the ammunition
to make it look like it is not chinese
enver calculates the cost of repacking everything
he charges them a hundred thousand dollars
which david and ephraim are very much happy
about they organize a factory that repacks
the ammunition with a tremendous workforce the
process will lighten their load by 180 tons which
generates more profit on christmas ephram calls
david learning that henry has charged a a 400
mark-up ephram plans to cut henry out
of the deal because of his frustration
david and ephraim get into an argument the latter
destroys the only copy of their partnership
contract leaving all rights to him that night a
group of masked men kidnaps david from his room
the men beat and threaten him henry is behind this
after learning about ephraim's plan to cut him off
he goes back to the factory to grab some stuff
before heading back to miami for a week david
learns that ephrem did not pay enver the albanian
handling manager the repackaging fee of a hundred
thousand dollars enver informs david that he knows
the real reason for repackaging the ammunition
before fleeing the driver's wife approaches david
to tell him that he is missing or probably dead
he lands to miami and goes straight
to us to rekindle their relationship
he tells her that he went to albania to repackage
chinese ammunition so they could disguise and sell
it to the us government he tells her that
he will be a massage therapist once again
he is tired of dealing with illegal
matters and doing all the work for ephraim
david storms to the a office angrily he demands
the money he is owed but his partner refuses so
he quits a he also threatens to sue ephraim if he
does not get paid at this point their friendship
is over three months later david returns to
working as a professional massage therapist ralph
approaches him to mediate the situation between
him and ephraim they offered david a paltry
severance package and david threatens ephram
with evidence of his falsified company documents
david receives a call from the fbi and so does
ephraim they both ride the elevator down to meet
with the officials they talk about their severed
friendship and the wrong things they have done
shortly after the elevator door opens and the
fbi arrests them both they exchange smug looks
at each other before entering the cop cars the
fbi had already arrested ralph who wore a wire
while the three met at the restaurant david and
ephraim are all over the news after the incident
ephraim is sentenced to four years in prison for
numerous crimes while david gets seven months
of house arrest for his cooperation months after
david receives a booking with an anonymous client
he finds out that it is henry he apologizes
to david for kidnapping him in albania and
expresses his appreciation for not being turned
into the fbi by offering him a briefcase of
money in exchange for no more questions
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like it really
helps the channel out thank you for watching